Add LS release note (#1958)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-release: release-notes/swan-lake-2201.1.0-release-note.md

- Introduced the Ballerina GraphQL tool, which will make it easy for you to generate a client in Ballerina given the GraphQL schema (SDL) and GraphQL queries. Ballerina Swan Lake supports the GraphQL specification [October 2021 edition](https://spec.graphql.org/October2021/). For more information, see [Ballerina GraphQL support](http://ballerina.io/learn/ballerina-graphql-support/) and [Graphql CLI documentation](http://ballerina.io/learn/cli-documentation/graphql/#graphql-to-ballerina).

##### Language Server

> - Add completion and code action support for already imported modules in Ballerina user home.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added completion and code action support for already-imported modules in the Ballerina user home
```
Please remove all full stops in bullet points.

> - Implement file operation events in Language server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Implemented file operation events in the Language Server
```

#### Improvements

##### Debugger
- Added rutime breakpoint verification support. With this improvement, the debugger is expected to verify all the valid breakpoint locations in the current debug source. All the breakpoints that are set on non-executable lines of code (i.e., Ballerina line comments, documentation , blank lines, declarations, etc.) will be marked as `unverified` in the editor.

##### Language Server

> - Improve the document this code action to support module-level variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve the `Document this code` action to support module-level variables
```

> - Add signature help for included record params.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added signature help for included record params
```

> - Revamp Code action utilities introducing a new API to find the top-level node for a given code action context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Revamp the code action utilities introducing a new API to find the top-level node for a given code action context
```

> - Improve completion item sorting in several contexts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved completion item sorting in several contexts
```

> - Improve create function code action to handle named arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved the `Create function` code action to handle named arguments
```

> - Improve create function code action to add isolated qualifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved the `Create function` code action to add an isolated qualifier
```

> - Add signature help for union typed expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added signature help for union-typed expressions
```
